Here is the outline for the section.
In machine learning we have a problem to solve.
Normally, the problem corresponds to evaluating some data and making predictions.
That problem is represented by this broken car over here.
Now, in order to solve it,
we have a few tools.
These tools are the algorithms.
So things like linear or logistic regression,
as VMs, neural networks decision trees et cetera.
How do we know which tool works best?
Well, for that we have a bunch of measurement tools
and we use them to evaluate all the algorithms.
So once we evaluate the algorithms and
their parameters and decide which ones are best for our problem,
then we go ahead and solve the problem.
In this section, we'll learn the measurement tools.
So we'll learn a bunch of metrics and techniques that will tell us when an algorithm
is working well with the data and how to tweak them to work best for us.